        92dd8	pics - test post please ignore
        xbfwb	funny - The Bus Knight
        12i4he	funny - I live in the same valley as Adam West. I decided to look him up in the phone book today.
        11jzqc	videos - This guy is a reporter on Fox 2 here in Detroit. His name is Charlie LeDuff. He is fucking awesome.
        13q31c	funny - After searching FB for people with the same name as me, I'd replicate their profile pic, make it my own and send them a friend request. Here are the pics
        z1c9z	IAmA - I am Barack Obama, President of the United States -- AMA
        117av1	pics - I sent Tom Hanks a 1934 Smith Corona typewriter with a typed invitation to come on my podcast. This was his response.
        13wml3	funny - Babe caught me slippin'.
        97jht	funny - I hate my job...
        ux56w	funny - When I found out I could upvote by pressing 'A'
        t0ynr	AskReddit - Throwaway time! What's your secret that could literally ruin your life if it came out?
        11runh	videos - Preacher speaks out against gay rights and then...wait for it.
        owx3v	funny - So my little cousin posted on FB that he was bored and gave everyone his new phone number... (pic)
        rrew0	pics - My friend calls him "Mr Ridiculously Photogenic Guy"
        138t2s	funny - Mom was worried about my trip to the Grand Canyon, I sent her this picture.
        15jsla	funny - You won't escape an awkward situation by ripping off this label.
        15k20c	pics - The only way my 3 day-old daughter would fall asleep. After two hours of carrying her around I got hungry.
        vd1jy	funny - Two Redditors in Duluth, MN accidently photograph each other...
        15jrds	funny - So I walked into the kitchen at 5:30am and saw this in the sink... This is not my cat..
        whbly	pics - Photo I took of the Chicago skyline from a beach in Indiana. 
        w351l	videos - Man has a conversation with his 12 year old self [3:47]
        101eb1	funny - I know it's not about cats, but the Oatmeal strikes again.
        iwkkx	pics - This is called humanity.
        15jxkm	pics - The frog that has lived in my shower for about a month. He doesn't bother me and I don't bother him. 
        1a45qs	pics - Came across an overgrown cemetery in the woods
        tht93	funny - A serious issue.
        x937j	funny - We went parasailing yesterday and asked someone on the boat to take photos of us. We found this on our camera.
        w6n4s	funny - Walked in on my son watching TV like this. Freaked me out for a second. 
        zui50	WTF - HOLY SHIT THE ONION
        zzmo0	funny - The best thing about living in Switzerland
        wyol3	WTF - My girlfriend recently got a cornea transplant. Here is a high res image of the stitches in her eye
        132hg4	pics - Tried taking a picture of a sink draining, wound up with a picture of an eye instead. (X-post r/mildlyinteresting) 
        uh3lk	funny - Best absence note ever. For 5th grader Tyler Sullivan of Rochester, whose dad Ryan introduced Obama at Honeywell.
        t6w2v	pics - Poster ad for the Canadian Paralympics
        1fw0ga	pics - Pipe Cleaner Wolf
        1a3znd	AdviceAnimals - If you ever feel dumb
        13xezr	videos - How to fool a baboon?
        18bhme	IAmA - I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation. AMA
        13x303	pics - NY Cop giving a brand new pair boots to a shoeless homeless man in subway.
        rymif	videos - An awesome young man
        1by6ac	videos - I FEEL NO PAIN
        qla65	funny - I'm sorry pinata bro
        13xm5h	funny - So true
        1fwfyt	pics - Just discovered Lost Egyptian city found under sea after 1,200 years. Very cool!
        16dsdl	todayilearned - TIL that after needing 13 liters of blood for a surgery at the age of 13, a man named James Harrison pledged to donate blood once he turned 18. It was discovered that his blood contained a rare antigen which cured Rhesus disease. He has donated blood a record 1,000 times and saved 2,000,000 lives. 
        s4i53	pics - I'm 7 foot. For Halloween I went as a normal guy on stilts.
        11emb0	funny - Advertisements for my local Science Museum
        1a3xla	videos - Billy Joel was recently doing a Q&amp;A at Vanderbilt University when a student asked if he could play “New York State of Mind” with him. Then, this pretty amazing moment happened.
        utq3u	funny - I asked the lotto what is the minimum winning amount needed to get your picture taken
        xyo6c	pics - I wish I was a dog just so I could wear this costume. 
        13xb4w	AdviceAnimals - Every time I talk on the phone
        15jxbj	pics - Dropped my camera while taking a multishot...lost the camera but I like the result.
        1by21m	pics - Kinetic light sculptures created by British artist and physicist, Paul Friedlander
        uqft2	pics - Totally worth battling traffic, the cold and wind to get my once-in-a-lifetime shot
        1e7bvv	videos - For my final post on Reddit from the International Space Station, here is my (slightly-adjusted) cover of David Bowie's classic, Space Oddity.
        1a3t7s	funny - I had to make an advertisement for my photoshop class. I hope reddit enjoys! 
        16kglj	videos - From typical youtube upload to serendipity in 30 seconds
        xi9t7	funny - Goddammit Mr.Noodle!
        1240dx	funny - The Best Film Synopsis Ever
        yh3ve	pics - Photo of a North Korean family being delighted to meet their awesome leader!
        1a3kp4	videos - Simple way to not get mugged
        1l88zu	pics - Didn't expect my fortune cookie to be so insightful.
        12a4tt	videos - These guys' faces when they crash their RC plane into top of a tree and a full size helicopter spots it and hovers in to pick it up...
        1a484h	gifs - 24 Hz sound + 24 fps camera + water = magic
        13xgft	videos - Father and daughter in a kayak have an amazingly close whale encounter
        1krodr	pics - Just showing some love to an underrated state. Glacier National Park, Montana.
        1fw9bx	pics - Harrison Ford shirtless. He's 70.
        1gh0fc	videos - Two 12 year old metal heads, growing up in a hip hop neighborhood, are telling their story! "Unlocking The Truth "
        1a3v0c	funny - A guy right outside my office.  He isn't aware the reflective glass is see-through from our side...
        1fvzdz	pics - Sunrise over the ancient city of Bagan - Myanmar
        1kryk0	funny - Blue screen of death.
        15jwd6	AdviceAnimals - My new party trick
        19dmwp	videos - How long do you think it took him to learn this?  
        vtkld	funny - So they installed a new coffee machine at work and before anyone could use it, I placed this sign on it...best three hours of my life (I have the office right in front of the break room). 
        wvbbk	WTF - i am one of the 50 wounded in the aurora theatre shooting. here are a few photos of my very lucky but nonethless terrifying brush with death. my thoughts go out to those less fortunate than me. 
        voar8	funny - What's wrong with you!
        1byc01	todayilearned - TIL Ray Bradbury originally titled Fahrenheit 451 as "The Fireman", but he &amp; editors found the name boring so they called a local fire station and asked what temperature book paper burnt at. The firemen put Bradbury on hold, burnt a book, and reported that the temp it burnt at was "Fahrenheit 451"
        1a42wp	AdviceAnimals - Senior Discount
        128gw7	pics - My friend and his daughter dressed as a Work Loader from Aliens. 
        10a8cp	funny - Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb]
        teu2k	funny - Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today
        z2322	funny - Hey, Shitty_Watercolor made it to CNN!
        mateq	IAmA - I am Neil deGrasse Tyson -- AMA
        1l8b5s	funny - Went to this restaurant today. I appreciated their honesty..
        12qt88	pics - Ready to ride the border between Norway and Sweden
        z8sw0	pics - Brilliant and thoughtful parents handed these out to everyone on my flight.
        13l31c	funny - A friend and I took care of a graffitied swastika in our town the only way we knew how. 
        1ggllb	pics - A bear in the yard? My cat couldn't care less
        1krts1	pics - It's fire season in my hometown, Highway to Hell?
        1byn1l	IAmA - I was mauled by a bear, fought it off, and drove 4 miles down a mountain with my face hanging off. AMA
        x9pq0	IAmA - IAM Bill Nye the Science Guy, AMA
        13xn3i	gifs - Meanwhile, on r/atheism...
        11vonv	funny - Oh no, it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!
        10r7xh	funny - Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012
        160guc	pics - Made a coloured ice igloo while visiting my gf in Edmonton, Canada. The local news station did a story on it. News article in comments
        12ckjm	pics - My new profile pic, compliments of hurricane sandy.
        17k5q0	pics - Winter in Krakow 
        13xidw	pics - Apparently this farm owner was denied a council permit to build a horse shelter. Fortunately, you don't need a permit to build a table and chairs.
        1by9kg	funny - A friend of mine has a motion camera in his backyard. Also, a plastic deer for bow target practice. He found this on the cameras a while back.
        1a42e6	pics - This guy paid for his iPad Mini entirely in quarters. The cashier was standing there for 15 minutes counting. 
        13xj9b	pics - This is the pallet emergency home. This pallet house can be build in one day with only basic tools. You can also upgraded it in time with insulation, AC, smoke detectors and anything else you would like. 
        vrf3f	pics - Great photo of the Colorado Fire smoke, taken by accident by my stepfather showing not only the hell he is driving towards, but the untouched sky he is leaving.
        1b71rc	videos - This about sums up my feelings towards my cable provider
        1d42co	IAmA - I am "The Excited Biologist!" AMA!
        1by3kp	pics - Size comparison: Titanic vs Allure of the Seas Cruise Ship
        1byjc5	funny - I mean, whatever's comfortable...
        12rtjs	pics - Man proposes to girlfriend in front of entire StarTrek cast, gets real Picard Facepalm
        1fwh0o	funny - Sorry if this is a repost, saw it in the gym today and it made me laugh
        1ggyfm	funny - My mom ordered a graduation cake with a cap drawn on. I guess they misheard.
        r0nuo	AdviceAnimals - Come on Facebook...
        140crw	funny - Someone told me that if you slow down Nicki Minaj songs, she sounds like a gay version of Jay-Z. So I tried it and it's TOTALLY TRUE. REDDIT, I GIVE YOU MY LUNCHTIME PROJECT: NICHOLAS MINJAY-Z (now taking requests)
        13xhyw	pics - Irish Autobahn
        1grr7c	WTF - I have had Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery for Parkinson's Disease, and this is what happens when I turn off my neurostimulator.
        14cb0c	IAmA - I'm Snoop Lion! Ask me anything!!
        182mhy	videos - WAIT FOR IT...
        1l88oe	pics - Cool clear bathtub
        12uwrf	funny - Police and rioters come together to help fat man out of trousers
        so374	funny - Awkward
        z2nje	AdviceAnimals - Following the Obama AMA
        1fwmgp	AdviceAnimals - A solution.
        15w94c	funny - I see your whiteboard drawings and raise you "Freezer Friday" 
        1bycpo	AdviceAnimals - My buddy found out he was adopted in our class today.
        1a3y6m	funny - Had a girl over for the first time in the new place. It begins...
        1e1svc	pics - Went to get my oil changed and found this...
        14isuj	pics - By the time they reached the front of the line the baby had fallen asleep.  Thankfully Santa played along! 
        13xo2m	funny - Juuuuust passing through.
        14e91x	WTF - Found inside a French mansion that had been sealed for 100 years
        y01pq	gifs - Usain Bolt's fistbump makes Olympic volunteer's day
        15jwf9	funny - WELL ALRIGHT SIR HOW ARE YOU DOING? FANTASTIC. GOOD DAY.
        1krtbt	funny - So THAT'S how USB plugs work.
        13xinx	pics - After placing the order in 2009, my father's Tesla Motors - Model S is finally here!! (electric plug in car/vehicle)
        1aenk5	pics - A friend of mine moved into a former drug house and found this HUGE safe. How do we get it open?
        1byiq9	AdviceAnimals - It just might save your life one day
        ybmmh	IAmA - We are engineers and scientists on the Mars Curiosity Rover Mission, Ask us Anything!
        o2mr4	videos - My friend made this spot that was rejected by Doritos. I think it's hilarious, what do you think reddit?
        1kri4z	pics - Canadians have the best bus stops
        13x51p	pics - Two years ago today, my uncle passed away. His name was Leslie Nielsen. As a seasoned Redditor, it comforts me that he'll be remembered here.
        qk7xr	videos - DollarShaveClub.com - Our Blades Are F***ing Great 
        1n06ql	pics - School Photo. 1961
        1fvywm	funny - This pretty much sums up my relationship with the motion sensor light in the bathroom at work
        12gogd	pics - Seen in NJ, what a friendly neighbor 
        1bycvh	funny - They told me to photoshop him into our championship picture since he couldn't be there, so I did.
        13pxck	pics - My Grandpa just moved into a retirement home, he sent us this picture
        1mzu7f	pics - In 1951, my Great-grandfather visited San Francisco. Over 60 years later, I follwed his footsteps and re-shot his photos. (OC)
        1ggdku	pics - The difference 39 years can make
        1ec762	funny - Comedian Kurt Braunohler hired a sky writer to do this over LA
        1isde1	todayilearned - TIL: (former) Billionaire Chuck Feeney has given away over 99% of his 6.3 Billion dollars to help under privileged kids go to college. He is now worth $2 million dollars.
        1fw78w	WTF - A mountain lion that had too much of the good life.
        1ggsuk	funny - This McDonalds app is a lifesaver
        150i5m	funny - Tony Hawk on skating with his daughter.
        1ggn2w	funny - Little kids ask me every day if he is real.
        15k3zh	funny - We laughed the entire time we ordered.
        1a3w94	funny - Ready fight! !!!
        15jpvg	todayilearned - TIL Michael Bay's response to his critics opinions of him. "I make movies for teenage boys. Oh, dear, what a crime."
        1a3j7y	funny - My mom never understood why I was afraid of our deer painting in the bathroom as a kid. I thought its foot was the bottom jaw.
        1by5lp	pics - This duckling came into our clinic after his mother and siblings were apparently killed. He spends a lot of his days looking in the mirror, which is super depressing. We are setting him up with a "foster mom" adult duck who also came in recently, so he can learn how to duck.
        13palh	funny - She was waiting in line for 5 minutes.
        1fvzni	funny - The force is strong with this one...
        15ju62	pics - My friend ran into someone with similar interests when we were in Reykjavik. 
        1l7z8f	pics - i found this very impressive almost artistic corrosion on a fence
        13zs3q	pics - What it looks like inside Amazon..
        13xa7o	AdviceAnimals - How I feel after having my data cap upped from 200MB to 5GB
        1fvhsu	videos - Talk about directed ads. Photoshop artist creates real-time ads with people at a bus stop
        1byphg	funny - Balanced an egg on its end. Daughter was really impressed
        1bwyqa	pics - This bird waits for my coworker to show up every morning. Then spends the day looking at itself in the mirror and shitting.
        14h8c2	videos - Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever
        19tkzi	pics - This is the letter my best friend made me when I was in ICU with short term memory loss.
        1a46ev	videos - Kid jumps into a "puddle" 
        155fqw	funny - Myspace Tom gives a well deserved response
        1l8f0u	funny - Found Nicolas Cage in a Mexican history textbook
        1byejr	funny - The real reason I refuse to leave Korea, no matter what
        13r0ye	funny - I tricked my college Speech 101 class into thinking I had a mexican accent for 4 months. 
        1krmx2	funny - The Simpsons can be dark sometimes
        160ljs	AskReddit - What free stuff on the internet should everyone be taking advantage of?
        p69fd	funny - The IRS is made of people
        15x4iv	videos - If only I had watched this before choosing to be an electrical engineer
        ytf3b	pics - RIP Neil.  Thank you for inspiring a Generation.
        1n0aut	funny - What I'll miss most about my iOS6 phone setup.
        1mzrf8	AdviceAnimals - Sorry to hear about your Scumbag brothers. This is my brother, who has blown my mind over the last 8 days.
        1eoi6t	pics - Heart surgeon after 23-hour (successful) long heart transplantation. His assistant is sleeping in the corner.
        1krclo	IAmA - We are Edgar Wright, Simon Pegg and Nick Frost: Ask Us Anything.
        1l7xh3	funny - An Alec Baldwin run-in with paparazzi told in 3 pictures
        1mzjjs	funny - My aunt asked my uncle to put some corn down for the deer...
        15jhno	pics - Found this amazing guy injured at the side of the road, took him to the vet and he's making a full recovery!
        1krni1	videos - On a recent trip to New York I discovered that The Cookie Monster likes more than just cookies.[NSFW]
        1n02un	pics - You may be cool, but you'll never be "Frank Sinatra stepping out of a helicopter with a drink in his hand cool" (x-post from /r/historyporn)
        1krf88	AdviceAnimals - Scumbag Paint Roller
        1fw1pl	pics - Not sure if right subreddit, but as a young male who was recently laid off, the world needs to see why men also rely on Planned Parenthood.
        ttkhx	funny - One guy on Yelp ...
        1l884o	funny - They said doing the 100 foot slip and slide that had a massive ramp at the end in front of hundreds of people would be fine.
        152f6f	funny - My secret Santa really outdid himself this year.
        nyo9q	pics - Just A Drop Of Water In Front Of A Map
        1kqtgy	AskReddit - [Serious] Scientists of Reddit: What's craziest or weirdest thing in your field that you suspect is true but is not yet supported fully by data?
        1mzb9a	AdviceAnimals - Why does this even happen?
        1a3sxi	todayilearned - TIL that BOA wrongfully foreclosed a couple, who sued and won a judgement for $2500 in Legal expenses.  When BOA didn't pay the couple showed up at the bank with a moving company, a deputy, and a writ allowing them to start seizing furniture and cash.
        1l8ebc	funny - Baldwin of Justice slams down yet another criminal
        13xbpf	todayilearned - TIL there exists a massive abandoned supercollider in Texas.
        10uujt	funny - Sharing is caring
        19buna	pics - I am a ranger in Yosemite National Park and receive many letters from visitors. This is my favorite.
        1ks4jr	funny - Before my dad passed away in 2012, he enjoyed brining people to our basement just to tell them to duck
END